Create liaison.md (#1)
w3c/wot-ngsi-ld: proposals/liaison.md

## Purpose 
The goal of the liaison is to evaluate the potential of using W3C WoT Things Models for the description of  NGSI-LD entity types as well as specifying how default WoT Things Descriptions can be derived from WoT Things Models using the NGSI-LD API as the form to interact with Things.

## Participants
The liaison proposal has emerged from informal discussion between W3C WoT and ETSI ISG CIM representatives.

**Contacts from W3C WoT are:**
* Kaz Ashimura - W3C - WoT WG Staff Contact
* Michael McCool - Intel - WoT WG co-Chair
* Sebastian Kaebisch - Siemens - WoT WG co-Chair
* Michael Koster - W3C Invited Expert - WoT WG co-Chair

**Contacts from ETSI ISG CIM are:**
* Franck Le Gall - EGM - ETSI ISG CIM chair
* Martin Bauer - NEC - ETSI ISG CIM Vice chair
* Juanjo Hierro - Freelance - Chair of FIWARE TSC

## Scope 
What work needs to be done, by whom?
* W3C WoT WG to develop, in collaboration with ETSI ISG CIM,

>   a NGSI-LD Binding that defines what information is needed in a

Author: ```suggestion
  documents that define what information is needed in a
```
